Permissions... Done right.
Permissions allows plugin-authors to utalize a permission system that handles 
group inheritance, globalized permission settings, and more. All the features 
of a fine-grained permission system in one plugin.

This is a continuation of the work that was originally done by Nijikokun.  All
original credit goes to them as without their work this plugin would not have
been possible.

Features
Groups
Group Inheritance, Allows for groups to gain permissions from other groups.
User Permission System
Fine Grained Permission system.
Allowing for Globalized permissions
Easy to use, setup, and implement.
Two cache layers, first from file to memory, then from memory to cache.
Plugins can control cache since version 2.1
And much more.
For the users


Permissions gives server admins great control, mostly in-game reloading. Simply use 
/permissions -reload all and the file will be re-cached and never touched again until 
you need to reload it. This allows you to quickly give your users the commands that 
they need without having to restart the server.

Installation for 2.0 down:
Download the archive.
Extract contents to the /plugins folder.
Open up /plugins/Permissions/config.yml
Read / modify.
Save.
Reload Server.

Changelog
2.3
It seems that I may have gotten a bit over zealous with code cleanup
Merged in the last of Nijikokuns code.

2.2
Developer change
Fixed reloading of permissions configuration files
Changed the commands to register with plugin.yml
Moved command from onPlayerCommand to onCommand

2.1
Multiple-World support
New cache layer, and cache control support for plugins
Editing features for plugins to hook into
Exempt nodes
World copying
2.0

Forgot.
1.9
Fully fixes inheritance.
Groups now inherit groups of groups that inherit groups of...
Cache system implemented.
Plugin authors can now delegate a variable system if needed.
API Updated with two new functions to get the point of what they do across.
Along with the new variable checks.
1.8
Fixes the broken globalized node issue.
node.* is called a `globalized node`